The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Like some animals don't see. Good at all. It pigs don't see.
Good at all. Yeah. You just freeze on a pig. They don't know what the going on.
For sure.
Eagle Eagle out like little mice in the Eagles have the best probably site.
Yeah. They can see from, from miles and miles a mile.
My friend from Alaska, he goes halibut fish all the time. He said,
you're pulling a fish up and Eagle can see it miles away.
That's it? That that's some dinosaur.
That's how you know dinosaur is at play is smiles. What?
Grizzly can find an elk carcass when it's underwater and polar bears can smell a
seal through three feet of ice.
three feet of ice.
Oh my God. That's.
Insane.
Three feet of ice dye is a monster.
Imagine if you were in a big concrete building,
it's three feet thick and there's a bear on the outside.
If that was a monster movie, Blake, this is insane. This monster.
This monster, no I'm here. Like you'd be two.
Kids right there.
Their parents have already been killed and there's was just breathing.
Like don't worry. We're safe. Is concretes three feet thick.
There's no way he could smell us. And it's outside.
I smell.
Oh, he talks to.
W just wanting three.
18 Miles and of smell.
Three feet of smell through eyes.
Did you ever see the video where the BBC reporter gets inside a box,
like a plexiglass box and they put them around polar bears and the polar
bear tries to eat them. And the polar bears trying to eat him through this box,
trying to figure out how to get to him. Cause it knows he's in this box.
It is terrible.
Why would you ever bro.
In this guy's got cameras on him the whole time. SHA SHA SHA in his pants.
She has Dooky and left him bright fill in those drawers son. How strong.
Is that? That thing has to be indestructible. They're so.
Big. They're so big. And we've been,
we've been really over. Just let it, let that run. Jamie.
We've been really over with Klondike bars and Coca-Cola
making them look sweet.
We have a super distorted perception of this predatory killing machine that
eats its babies, bro, bro.
These things are ruthless. Look there that cleanup crew,
they're there to make sure there's so few resources up there in the wild that
this giant behemoth of a bear exists.
So he could just Jack everything,
just Jack everything and keep the populations nice and low. Look at that. He's.
In right in there.
I'm not a biologist. So he knows it's in there. He's just trying to get at it.
He's biting it. God.
Dude. it up.
Look at this man. It's pressing on it. That's glass, man. If you're crazy,
you're dead.
Teeth through it. When it's opening.
Its mouth, that's a Monster's mouth.
Would I look like drunk at a McDonald's at the four in the morning trying to get
food to the drive-through.
This poor guy he's it's behind him. He's like, but the camera is this world.
Shaking, shaking the out of it. Of course.
It is. Why would he be so convinced that that, that thing would survive.
It'd be so dope if it just kind of, how.
Do they rescue this cat? This dude? Yeah. How do they get him out of there?
Like who's who's like how long does it take to get them out of there? They got.
To find a way to distract this bear.
Walked away. Come on.
Yeah, it's got, it's got to get frustrated at some point like does look it out.
He goes, does. How did they.
Test that box? What if that guy hated him? The guy who made the box. Oh,
this guy's going to climb out. I'm out. I'm free. We've got a prize.
Oh the bear. Yeah. Like let's pretend the bears right here. Right next to him.
That thing could run 35 miles an hour. outta here.
Here's how fast the bear run. They're insane, dude. They run like that on ice.
That's things. Just digging with their claws.
I like how they pre kind of pretended like that was a totally safe,
normal experiment for him to do. Like he got out like no big deal, man.
You know, polar bears. Ironically are black underneath all that white furry.
You know that? Right? It's clear those.
Clearer. Is that just.
A clear black it's black skin now?
Yeah. The skin's black. Yeah. Yeah. It is. Well,
you got to imagine that people get snow tan. Right? You get snow blind.
No blind is the sun beating off the snow.
Like people get burned like really bad. Oh yeah. You.
Go skiing without shilling. You a polar.
Bear. It looks no, that's a black bear bro.
Polar bear without.
Here. Yeah, but it's not look at the hair around its face.
See how it's all black. I guarantee that's a black bear. Also.
It just doesn't look big enough. What does a bear?
Maybe it's just another.
One. It's got mains, but you see how it has the hair on the top of its heads,
black at the sink.
I think someone just wrote that and it doesn't mean that it's.
Correct, but they are they're dark. But underneath all that,
they are really dark.
It's way. Hey, maybe when they get means their hair on their head gets black.
Who the knows who go to that mangers? Weird.
That's fair. I mean, I've looked, I've seen this before.
I guess I got typed in polar bear.
Yeah. Well I would imagine pulling.
Up there. No for.
They're the most terrifying because of the.
Well they're right there.
Jamie top the top fourth picture is them spreading the hair apart. Right? They,
you see the skin there. There. Yeah.
Yeah. So there you go. Oh, perfect. Yeah. And see how the hair looks white,
but it's actually, they say it's like more of like a clear color.
Wow. That's crazy to me.
Yeah. Like not technically white.
Right? No it's yeah, it does. It does. It looks translucent.
Translucent almost right.
Well what an amazing animal man.
Unbelievable imagined that thing lives in this place where there's no vegetables
at all. Nope, but it got so big. It evolved to get that big.
Dude just meet tons and tons and tons of me.
Uh,
like a hole through ice to get to you to just chew through the ice.
It'll do whatever it can to gets you right there.
It's so nice that they're so far away. They swim.
You know, they jump in the water and swim comes from six miles.
An hour, bro. And for how long can they swim?
I wonder how long they can stay in the waterfall. Cause they.
Is that knots. And why do we need knots?
Boat boat. People love.
That with boat people. Hey, it's six fathoms. Hey. Face.
How many feet?
5.2 knots 5.2 knots is a mile six miles an hour,
six miles an hour is 5.2 nuts. My boat goes five.
Knots.
You want to make it slower? That's so confusing. Why would they do that?
When they could just do miles an hour? What is not.
Around before miles an hour,
kilometers kilometers were also before miles an hour. Was it?
It was five kilometers with a metric system. And that would, that was later.
No, no nuts or kilometers.
Really smart people are like, why the are they talking
about kilometers?
Some engineers like, God.
What will we just talking about? Bears? Oh, polar bears. Yeah man.
There was not some, there were some article about polar bears. Uh, you know,
when, whenever we say that polar bear populations are threatened,
they definitely are in certain spots.
But the places where polar bears occupy is enormous. It's huge.
And in some areas there's a lot of them.
And we have this non nuanced way of looking at polar bears.
So people would get really mad if like they found that these Inuits were killing
polar bears.
But sometimes these folks are living in places where polar bears are entering
their villages and they they're super dangerous killing their babies.
They'll kill people.
They will straight up kill people. You know, there's a comic. Who's a, um,
he's uh, also a veterinarian. Kevin
he's a vet. Yeah. He's um, he's a guy who performed in Denver.
I met him in Denver. I was working with them. Oh, whoa.
Yeah. He's he's famous in Denver Fitzgerald. He has a TV show out there.
Where Fitzgerald sales going to say Fitzgerald,
but I thought it was wrong because my friend Dave Fitzgerald,
that was just talking about.
Long white hair. Yeah.
He told me that polar bears out of the womb are like predator.
You know like the movie predator, like out of the wound,
they're just trying to bite and kill out of the womb. Dope out of the womb.
They just come out and I was like, well, it makes sense. Right?
If you stop and think about what their life is,
everything is just white and frozen.
And occasionally catch something slipping.
They occasionally get someone who's sunning themselves and you get to them
before they can get away.
And you could dive in the water and grab a foot and drag them back up survival
man, the darkest store that I've ever heard. I don't know if this is true,
but let's pretend it is. Yeah, fine.
Was there was some sort of an expedition and there a boat hit some ice.
And so their boat started sinking and they had a real problem because the next
boat was hours away. So they call in and may day for the next boat.
And they climb out of the boat in time before it sinks.
And then they get to an ice shelter, like a, an ice raft,
a nice island island and the distance.
They see a polar bear Huck and it's many,
many ice land bridges or whatever. The photo.
Island.
Away I steps, but it keeps jumping in the water and getting closer.
It's trying to figure out what the they are. And then finally it gets to them,
finds out what they are. It's in the ice island next to them,
jumps in the water, pops up, grabs one guy.
There's nothing anybody can do about it. takes him, kills him,
drags him in the water. Again,
goes back on the other ice islands just starts eating them and.
They're just chilling, watching.
It. They're one ice island away hoping that he doesn't stay hungry after he eats
their friend. What.
Was your least favorite friend?
And the boat comes and rescues.
Oh me, dude. And they had to watch their friend get eaten alive. Their friend.
Got eaten alive and he died. Probably.
He probably, he probably ate him in front of them. He probably did.
He probably took it so they could see it. He didn't care. Yeah.
That's what I mean. Like he'll eat.
When you eat a clam that you're eating in front of other clans. Depends.
On who I'm in front of. No, I'm sure he I'm sure the bear ate it to know.
They want to heap. I'm saying he kept an eye on them. Yes.
It's like you're next dude.
Well, he probably knows that they're there. If this isn't enough,
you mean maybe the guy's like a small guy.
What do you do? You just sit there and watch it. You jump in the water.
What do you, what are you?
I do. You can't swim away. You'll freeze to death. If you get in that water,
you just have to sit there up the fact that if it chooses to kill you,
that's your time. There's nothing else you can do. You can't fight it off. Okay.
Punch my buddy and knock them out. So it's easier than, you know what I mean?
Knock them out.
Here. Huh? Do you have to think about how much you love.
Your friends? Oh my God.
There's so many people had knocked out Lee for bears to eat.
There's yeah. There's a lot of people.
Most of them, most of my friends on.
But what it is is just it's it's inescapable
the power that it has.